Tote Project License
Version 1.0
December, 31 2012

1. Your Agreement to the Terms

Please read these terms carefully because they apply to your retrieval,
use, copying, distribution, and other actions that you may take in connection
with software and other materials contained in this package or repository.
This software and other materials are subject to copyright in many
jurisdictions. By retrieving, using, copying, distributing, and performing
other actions that require permission of the copyright owner(s), you
represent and warrant that:

	a) you are the age of majority in your jurisdiction and legally able
	to enter into a contract; and

	b) you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound
	by the terms of this document in their entirety, including all documents
	incorporated herein by reference.

2. Grant of Rights

All copyrightable works of authorship contained in this package or repository
(the "Works"), with the exceptions set forth by this Section 2, are licensed
to you under the terms of version 3 of the GNU Affero General Public License
as amended by Section 3 of this document (the "Amended AGPL"). The text of the
GNU Affero General Public License, version 3 (the "AGPL"), incorporated herein
by reference, can be found in either "agpl.txt" or "LICENSE/agpl.txt" file of
this package or repository or retrieved from
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/#AGPL>.

Your actions in connection with certain Works may be exempt from the terms of
the Amended AGPL and/or subject to other terms in either of the following
cases:

	a. Works licensed to you under different license terms by their copyright
	holders, listed in Appendix A;
 
	b. Works listed in Appendix B that are offered by their copyright holders
	under alternative license terms in addition to the Amended AGPL, if you
	choose to apply an alternative license to those Works instead of the
	Amended AGPL;

	c. There is an explicit agreement in writing between you and the copyright
	holder of certain Works that grants	you rights in and to those Works and
	you choose to apply terms of that agreement instead of the Amended AGPL.

The above exceptions only apply to your actions that affect either (i) solely
and exclusively the Works that you have rights granted to in accordance with
an exception; or (ii) those same Works in conjunction with any other Works
licensed to you under the terms permitting such actions.

3. Amendments to the GNU Affero General Public License

In accordance with Section 7 of the AGPL, the Works included in this package
or repository, with the exception of the Works subject to paragraphs (a)
through (c) of the Section 2 above, are subject to the following additional
terms:

3.1. If you modify any covered Work by linking or combining it with any of the
components and libraries listed in the Appendix A or Appendix B below (or
modified versions of these components), covered by terms of a license
designated as permissible by the Appendix A or Appendix B for the respective
component or library, the licensors of these Works grant you additional
permission to convey the resulting work.

Corresponding Source for a non-source form of such a combination shall include
the source code for the components and libraries listed in Appendix C below as
well as that of the covered work whenever those components and libraries are
included in, or linked to, the resulting work.

3.2. IN ADDITION TO THE TERMS OF SECTIONS 15 AND 16 OF THE AGPL, AND TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE WORKS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU ARE SOLELY
RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE APPROPRIATENESS OF USING OR REDISTRIBUTING THE
WORK AND ASSUME ANY AND ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR EXERCISE OF PERMISSIONS
UNDER THIS LICENSE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE RISKS AND COSTS OF
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND CLAIMS OF PATENT OR OTHER PROPRIETARY
RIGHTS INFRINGEMENT BY THIRD PARTIES. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS
THE LICENSORS AND OTHER PARTIES THAT MODIFY AND/OR CONVEY THE WORKS AS
PERMITTED ABOVE FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS BROUGHT BY THIRD PARTIES
ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE, MODIFICATION, AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE WORKS.

3.3. When you reproduce and distribute copies of the Works in any form, on any
medium, with or without modifications, you must:

	a. retain in the Source form of any Works that you distribute, all
	copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form
	of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the
	distributed Works; and

	b. cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you
	changed the files; and
	
	c. If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution,
	then any Works that you distribute must include a readable copy of the
	attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
	notices that do not pertain to any part of the distributed Works, in at
	least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
	as part of the distributed Works; within the Source form or documentation,
	if provided along with the distributed Works; or, within a display
	generated by the distributed Works, if and wherever such third-party
	notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for
	informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You may add your
	own attribution notices within Works that you distribute, alongside or as
	an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional
	attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License.

3.4. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, or product names of any licensor, except as required for
reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file. This License does not create a
joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship between you and
any licensors.

3.5. While redistributing the Work in any form, you may choose to offer, and
charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other
liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in
accepting such obligations, you may act only on your own behalf and on your
sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other licensor or distributor, and
only if you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each licensor and distributor
harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such
licensor or distributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or
additional liability.

4. Changes to the Terms

From time to time, the licensors may change, remove, add to, or otherwise
modify the license terms that apply to this package or repository. Each new
version of the License will be given a distinguishing version number. The
project's maintainers may change Appendices to this License without assigning
it a new version number. The Works (including modified Works) may always be
distributed subject to the version of the License under which it was received.
In addition, after a new version of the License is published, you may elect to
distribute the Works under the new version.

5. General

Either party's failure to insist on, or enforce strict performance of, any of
the terms of this License shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision
or right. If any term or part of the License is held to be invalid or
unenforceable by any law or regulation or final determination of a competent
court or tribunal, that provision will be deemed severable and will not affect
the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. A printed version
of the License (along with other documents incorporated therein by reference)
and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or
administrative proceedings based on or relating to the License to the same
extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and
records originally generated and maintained in printed form. The headings in
the License are provided for convenience only and shall not be used to construe
meaning or intent. 

===============================================================================

 Appendix A. Works licensed under specific terms other than Amended AGPL

This software contains:

1. Unmodified binary redistribution for H2 database engine
<http://www.h2database.com/>, dual licensed and available under a modified
version of the MPL 1.1 (Mozilla Public License) or under the (unmodified) EPL
1.0 (Eclipse Public License).

When using the H2 binary as a part of the Tote distribution or in conjunction
with other Works covered by this License, with the exception of the Works
subject to paragraphs (a) through (c) of the Section 2 above, you must apply
the terms of unmodified EPL 1.0 (Eclipse Public License) to that binary.

Please refer to the "epl.txt" file in the LICENSE directory for terms of that
license or find its text at <http://www.h2database.com/html/license.html>.

2. Source components copyright by The Apache Software Foundation:

	a. Apache Commons CLI Copyright 2001-2009; and
	b. Fragments of code from Apache Ant 1.7.0 Copyright 1999-2006 in
	"PathMatcher.java".

This product includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation
(http://www.apache.org/). The Apache Software Foundation licenses these
components under the terms of Apache License, Version 2.0. Please refer
to the "apache.txt" file in the LICENSE directory for applicable license terms.

3. Changes to the source component "PathMatcher.java" copyright 2010-2012 by
Konstantin Livitski.

Konstantin Livitski licenses these changes under the terms of Apache License,
Version 2.0. Please refer to the "apache.txt" file in the LICENSE directory
for applicable license terms.

===============================================================================

 Appendix B. Works licensed under alternative license terms in addition to the
             Amended AGPL

No Works included in this distribution or repository are licensed under
alternative license terms in addition to the Amended AGPL as of yet.

===============================================================================

 Appendix C. Works that must be included in the Corresponding Source of any
             distribution that contains or links them

The source component "PathMatcher.java" that includes fragments of code from
Apache Ant 1.7.0 distributed in accordance with Appendix A must be included
in the Corresponding Source of any distribution that contains or links
to that component.